Update TAG ENV governance (#263)
cncf/tag-env-sustainability: governance/github.md

# Github access permissions and administration

The main GitHub repository for the TAG is `tag-env-sustainability`. TAG Leads have admin access to the repository and elected leads of working groups and projects maintain access which is defined in the [`cncf/people/config.yaml`](https://github.com/cncf/people/blob/main/config.yaml).

The TAG also has technical repositories.

> The [`tag-env-tooling`](https://github.com/cncf-tags/tag-env-tooling) contains smaller project, larger projects get sourced in seperate repsitories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`tag-env-tooling`](https://github.com/cncf-tags/tag-env-tooling) contains smaller projects. Larger projects get sourced in separate repositories.
```
